Bug Report Template

Reporter: Your name and email address.
Product: In which product you found this bug.
Product: In which product you found this bug.
Component: These are the major sub-modules of the product.
Platform: Mention the hardware platform where you found this bug. The various platforms like ‘PC’, ‘MAC’, ‘HP’, ‘Sun’ etc.
Operating system: Mention all the operating systems where you found the bug. Operating systems like Windows, Linux, Unix, SunOS, and Mac OS. Also, mention the different OS versions like Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP etc, if applicable.
Priority: When should a bug be fixed? Priority is generally set from P1 to P5. P1 as “fix the bug with the highest priority” and P5 as ” Fix when time permits”.
Severity: This describes the impact of the bug.
Status: When you are logging the bug into any bug tracking system then by default the bug status will be ‘New’. Later on, the bug goes through various stages like Fixed, Verified, Reopen, Won’t Fix, etc.
Assign To: If you know which developer is responsible for that particular module in which the bug occurred, then you can specify the email address of that developer. Else keep it blank as this will assign the bug to the module owner, if not the Manager will assign the bug to the developer. Possibly add the manager’s email address to the CC list.
URL: The page URL on which the bug occurred.
Summary: A brief summary of the bug, mostly within 60 words or below. Make sure your summary is reflecting on what the problem is and where it is.
Description: A detailed description of the bug.
-Reproduce steps: Clearly, mention the steps to reproduce the bug.
-Expected result: How the application should behave on the above-mentioned steps.
-Actual result: What is the actual result of running the above steps i.e. the bug behavior.
Report Types include:
-Coding error
-Design error
-New Suggestion
-Documentation issue
-Hardware problem

Important Features in Your Bug Report

Bug Number/id
Bug Title
Priority
Platform/Environment
Description
Steps to Reproduce
Expected and Actual Result
Screenshot

